good night everyone we are in brasília 19 hours
Thursday, May 9, in a little while, you will be introduced to the people of my
side here we have a lot of news today including two teams not with me
today it will definitely stretch the river for 15 minutes
at the end of tomorrow morning if god willing he is at the mouth of the iguaçu where
we will then be laying the cornerstone of the construction of the second
bridge over the paraná river and that was on paper for 30 years and he will god
tomorrow it leaves the paper and work effectively begins because it is very
important our relationship with paraguay is
a country that has been growing in the last few years is just over 5% is a
country that has really changed fully understand its policy since the
ex-president lugo's departure the one that she catted him with dilma with squid
as morales is with chavez that guys from the sheet of são paulo o paraguay
changed a lot with the president emeritus and we are more and more
integrating and the pie will be in curitiba 16 hours
our minister of justice security sergio moura will be inaugurating the center
integrated public security and intelligence
tomorrow 16 hours in curitiba now a rare thing right
everything is so rare, not that everyone knows the capacity of the Brazilian
Brazilian is everywhere in the world as I was recently and Taiwan and there
I found believe offers ok it is doing barbarities in itown the head
it was even comparable to install in that one far away than logical part of the
game apart from the globe in almost half the globe, it’s almost 20 thousand than a screen
and even now we have elisângela in our language intern
of pounds and here we have the doctor idemar maciel does not like it can be sure he is
plastic surgeon is not for you to look beautiful not pretty ok you know this is not going
like it says here because it really is a person that five years ago together with
the former colleague on the side right here is a survey on burning
burns is using the tin face here on my right
Mr. Marcelo Borges, who is the exact idealizer of research with the foot
allow it started sunday 14 on sunday 14 the research here and the end to end
right there rodrigo moraes who is a professor at unip weighed in the university
federal of Ceará here Ceará here Paraiba there
you appear that you are operating in a paraibano you from the river's undine
so I'm going to pass the word doctor to say a little bit about what this research
that pet can is something inertia in everyone and only Brazil is in this
research with all certainty in the final fact to be used and in the fall to the people who
perhaps it is necessary because the author of the bush thank you president
developed by uefs and it came to revolutionize the treatment of burns
and fitness first that tilapia skin is easy to get everywhere
second because it is a skin that goes to waste so its production below
cost compared to the treatments you have but imagine a burnt child
for a hot liquid that must be hospitalized for 11 to 12 days and every day has to
do this dressing this dressing change
some poetry other day filmmakers which causes a lot of pain until the unit there by
dengue in the wound with this it avoids contamination of the
from the outside to the inside avoids the loss of liquids in the area
burned but mainly due to the daily dressing changes that in the
second degree burn it stays from the hour it puts until the end of the
treatment when it is removed without counting it reduces all the work of the
team reduces all the suffering of the family and decreases the costs for the network
public who is responsible for research today it is already in six countries
happening in the form of research six states also here in brazil
today, 189 employees participate in this survey with us
here I want to thank everyone for their participation, commitment and
dedication that shows our brazil president that it is possible to develop
quality research in that country in our northeast in our lord
we just have to thank everyone who supports us and participates with us in
research so just go there for I am from the countryside
from são paulo is known as carcarah also treats you like the [ __ ] you can
see who has a small hydro power plant
let's assume it's up to one hectare at 100% water you product can produce
per year from 10 tons to 15 tons of tilapia so that raw material in
abundance here our brazil summarizing what he said about who
store heard is related to a neighbor friend who suffered burns because someone from
peace to a cafe with waters in manaus arena headquarters in the heavens and a child fell
car not even a burn that the iraq which second degree 2nd degree
or someone approaching the São João River is drinking a cachaça
with a head full of cachaça and fell on top of the Brazilian jô and stays there for
example a few seconds that day burn that does not want can be
stick second deep third dog treatment paradise tilapia skin cost
infinite directly is not elementary of the very crazy river price of the traditional of
nowadays also the reduction of 12 and imagined changing the dressing and two ago
which is a mediator and the time of treatment also decreases is to decrease a
day we second degree burns and almost two days on the burns of
deep second degree and appearance at the end of traditional treatment and since
there is also better lapa not to mention that this is the first skin
animal in brazil that can be registered at anvisa and the first animal skin
aquatic world studied for this purpose
looks only recently and twice with people
the ambassador of japan where we offer them our Amazon region to
research with the extensive biodiversity that we have there
if we take a nap we will come to that with all certainty making a strong partnership
partnership with the country any other in the case here i mentioned here japan
imagine what we can achieve in that region even maybe
cured is to win steps towards the cure of being of many diseases besides being more
faster and more accurate and we achieve the goal that we want is theirs
here is to bring the benefit to our population here
one thing but yes i would just like to add president that this research
it was all developed at the federal university of ceará is at
research center developed for medicines that ampa although it is
maintained a private sponsorship has been financed is with a private company
in reality it was developed within the public university in all
researchers were they were related position is teachers at
federal university of ceara i would like to conclude just saying
that we are all committed to trying to make sure that brazil doesn't lose
this opportunity to avoid missing out on this great opportunity to incorporate a
pioneering biological dressing in a little more here right
let's go on the same line plus a slightly different path
today i talked to the son of an ex sarney minister
he was that gentleman he was sarney's minister of science and technology and he is
a researcher too and what is the day dedicated to
on the issue of graphene that also exists at the federal university of Ceará
great researcher there professor antónio gomes de souza filho who is dedicated to
traffic research then antónio gomes de souza filho one more researcher from
graphene at uefs and look at these people showing up and this person from today
in contact with the son we will find in contact with the father with a great
researcher who specializes in the strain taking graphene out of graphite when
talked about during the campaign is about that there were a lot of people who did with the
mischievous pranks maybe super smart person ok but
that didn’t present anything new to the world so graphene is a
reality and if those who get a technology to take with a quantity
separating graphene from graphite for sure is that it will be a leap for this
country for those who have the patent this way of achieving this separation
which is january research are the uses the graphene its infinite sky
that story repeating what ever heard a graphene wire raises an elephant one
government grass pay a football pitch because it confesses the first time
what he said i was even worried i'm talking about you this is the only one
plan plan plan the head molecules personal touch
the more demand is played in the same group and formed a kind of screen
we have a jorge a young girl recently graduated from the military institute of
engineering that is on the drawing board a graphene canvas that the earth does said
analyzes sea water or land the brackish water table water and also days
analyzes and transforms them into drinking water imagine and jadilson in the northeast here there is the
how far we are from treating the water is all really drinking water with
this technology that belongs to a Brazilian where he is
as far as i know is england but if god wants the landmarks bridges
astronaut formed by ita according to nasa has long been
also working hard on this collection I spoke to him today he must
talk to the researchers the moment lives in campinas
to add our team to the team that I didn’t contact you haven’t asked for the phone yet
their side of our researcher at uefs eaeb as the people at da marquinhas
in são paulo even because it is graphite, it has a picture all over the world more than good
we have quality here in Brazil but not even catho was worth it guys
the Brazilian has no limit this Brazilian is the one that has a solution for
everything but that I traveled also switched to places does wonderful research as
this one on the skin of the tilapia with stars on my side here the staff is 11 3
we will run with other materials here because we have a lot of news for
pass to you is not today, just present only here in the capital of paraíba
and ceara thank you very much
the [ __ ] fight when I return I will continue here so now it's yesterday
we present daughter Marcos Bridges right
in a teleconference with the kids from a school well the inter use there in the inter
used amanda cavalcante grease at kalunga school and what was presented
for this reason we have a satellite that costs taking into account the
its useful life, its price, right, and in the courses, its thousand reais a day and
that max 11 she started doing since the beginning of
year two years ago trying to space and there is no we were afraid 0 points
here in brazil what point does this serve for internet signals for example
we had only half a dozen pompous but bosco his work together with his
team on this issue today we have 2,800 points in Brazil
2,800 points is and 2010 points being that more than a little more than 2 thousand are
northeast and today the wife inside the schools will not have an antenna 1 the router
is a wi fi signal within 300 meters and the kids then
2006 schools that reached the 1 million student mark are having access
to the internet by the end of the year, max posted that it will install 10,000
internet points in schools and also communities and we have the capacity
for 50 thousand points so big leap in information via
internet now are you feeling the need we don't have technology and we have
technology is doing satellite we have here the launch center of alcântara
that convinced the former governor of maranhão flávio dino we deal with this
matter and is fully in favor that the channel
the alcântara launch center talk again
besides we don’t have the technology to make a satellite if god wants we’ll have a
it will take time to leave because the Brazilian really doesn’t have no limits
then this program called g looting and e-government service
service to the citizen, so the whole school in Brazil must have
a phone call from mayor marketing councilman and there is no internet you want
voting at school will logically have a relationship of
priorities the goal is to serve the region more than one
name is north and northeast now that it has changed is that the team on the side
here we have here the hug will go out that same day but it is our best to study
of education to talk about the collection of funds for university we have here
gilson today will talk about nautical ecotourism
I’m in love with the month or diving and there at the right end is the name of the bottom of the
mar the director jorge safe son of júlio
knee that will talk about your from your trip now some countries like countries
the city also had new york dealing with tuna quota in brussels
about the opening of the fish market to us Brazilians
and it is with this or the closed text registration insurance by phone
let's start the first one here our minister of education the role that will
then deal with this issue, which is a bit of a controversy, but it will be
really what's going on in the ministry of education and the thing of
also budgetary resource brom chairman word has a lot of people who
is spreading terror and saying things that are not happening
what are we preparing the economy of brazil until you are
elected she was sinking the people that I stopped in fear of
buying clothes had decreased in file to purchases must or not to exchange a
television fridge now of a free
we talked about sinking but Brazil still hasn't taken off because you still have
a lot of uncertainty regarding the new pension, the country's accounts are like
the accounts of a family we are still in a very difficult situation
delicate how do i translate the situation Paulo
guedes and he had to do that the law tells us to contingency to insure a
little not cut back hold a little spending not only in the ministry of education
who is responsible but in all ministries we are
holding a little to comply with the law and not finish like the previous government
who spent more broke the law and generates inflation
so we have to insure it I wanted to explain how much this is
people are doing what they like chocolate for example
opa imagine the following can not take chocolate will eat Belgian chocolate
prestige sir the act of reals the most reports that is
offering maybe there’s no fun there’s nothing better than someone paying for
in case I paid for the chocolate but I offered it to the girls who had more mothers
offering chocolate tastes more disgusting way of saying how am I going
explain this imagine the following we have a budget
we have more or less no chocolate each box that has 25 chocolate I
I'll put the question make a lot of mess president would take to take up
I'm going to play has 25 chocolate on the top already the engine
author everything here has more or if it was like this
that here is missing here there are 25 more latina and the role more 25
chocolatinho each one imagines a normal university like this that we
see around what we are doing with them
she usually they have a real opinion thinking per year
some go wrong university 1 billion a year some have a few more
have almost 43 and a half some - but let's assume one as soon as we meet with
more easily one billion reais a year
this money comes from the ear seeing your taste why do you pay tax for
buy chocolate to pay and they are the cell phone
so what happens at this point is everyone holding on tightening their belts
we are not walking anyone even though all wages are
preserved anyone if it were a company is difficult
a company in a bakery we sometimes have to send people away in a
this situation nobody will be sent away all
the world is receiving technical teacher everyone
we are also talking look at all the help that the student receives from
refectory and housing is preserved and we are asking for
simply q3 chocolatinhos three of those in chocolate 3 end chocolates
the new attacking sock that left just cut here 3 chocolates and mail
we are not talking to people, we don’t have this chocolate for years and
we are not talking to the person
that we are going to cut a cut dinner lets eat after that time just
what we are asking for is to hold a little
now I ask myself president has already gone through a situation like this of having in
tuohy predictions a difficulty in life spoke so held if someone was
so three and a half chocolatinhos three and a half percent of those without three and a half by
cent safe because the salary is fully preserved and paid the day after
people have all the help to the students preserved and now they were waiting for the
people are closing everything else, president
we are receiving all readers all readers who want to talk
with us to discuss a specific project that they don’t have money if
want to talk show the numbers if you want to do it at the congress
we are always willing to talk but it seems that there is a governor of a
state that he has state university and cut the students point is not
federal university will stick with something copies car if you so if you're
here thank you very much and thanks for the explanation
next week is to vote on thursday the time is in dallas and keep our
ours will veto but we also have what to say to you
so for me it's here to thank at least at the beginning the bram van dyck station
the radio that you listen to here is obliged to education, yes, the Minister of
sport he is a university professor
is a manager and is doing a job that must be done there will leave here the
university are preserved doesn’t exist all the time, so much nonsense is said
is to see the government on the 11th claiming to cut 10 billion
nobody says anything we don't treat it we just put it aside to be able to consume
later I wake up with the progress of our economy that passes the word here
there are three subjects for jorge feel a young man and a minute what are you going to do in
new york and i will not give you there talk about quotas and the turbo guys good night
thank you president for the opportunity that the brazilian fishing staff and is of
In an unprecedented way, he managed 11 a speech within the UN through also the
interaction of our master Fábio Hazin personal hug Fábio University of
pernambuco and we went there is in the meeting that precedes the decision of the quotas of act that
it will be in october and november and we employ we had a very tough way because today
most catch quotas that act catch quotas are not are
designated by the countries and is an international body called kate so the
producers who work with tuna fishermen, we went there at the time representing the
Brazil and speak of a hard time for him to evaluate the question of quotas for
developing countries which is the case in brazil until october we did a
work for the first subject is dealt with here is something else
today in a special commission that analyzes the provisional measure on restructuring
of the government is one of the measures taken by the commission, it remains to be endorsed by the
penalty may not happen are getting the coaf from the domain of
justice ie a wall and sending the ministry of economics to paulo guedes
expects the plenary of the chamber and senate to keep the coercion of the cross in court because
is a very strong tool in the world our girl is another one to fight
increase money laundering and corruption among other measures
ok, enjoy it quickly but it was only worth it because of the pecha de pernambuco I see
that's right that's right then you will speak in court
of eco nautical tourism in 2008 josué are not dying next week in the
ministry of the environment of the 1st workshop of the project revitalization plan
original as brazil because brazil today has number 1 in the world
but we are number 1 in the world in natural riches in natural beauty according to
world tourism organization and we need to transform that real number
ecotourism and ebt tourism throughout the economy
productive chain of 52 types of activities from the airplane pilot the pilot and
already on the cruise and across a coastline encompasses that we have more than 8,500
kilometers of coastline we have over 35 thousand kilometers of
images of river problems in nine more ponds kiosks
we will be able to do various nautical activities
officers sinking the ship so that the fauna comes so that there is another side
contemplative we can do nal activity because the
sport fishing we can make marine piles so
we are going to do this roadshow to just listen to the whole chain that
involves the industry chain there is no revenue chain that here calculates and
fees and taxes today that are very high in brazil for importing clay
for importing electronics for importing engines and parts that serve
for the nautical industry anyway let's do everything is there so that
we can really transform it into real numbers
the number 1 post in the world and natural beauty
Brazil today occupies the 27th place in receiving foreign tourists in the world and
we are the third goal in the south spot and luckily but we will change the
old village I have no doubt about it another thing the tj the conotel president
which is the national congress of hotels in goiânia and the staff is very excited
very satisfied with the numbers that are already being glimpsed for example the
violence has decreased in the country we have 50 is to see if percent yesterday
it was unanimous even the president of da bh manuelzinho sent waves from you
congratulated the person when to prove an old project of the hill is going
to further reduce violence in brazil the outlook for the number of
foreign tourists increasingly grows
only one visa opening for japan united states canada and australia is the
demand has increased by around 75% so I have no doubt that if the
Brazil wants to get out of the unemployment that we are struggling to be in
only four months we will have to invest in tourism
because today we have around 45 to 50 percent of idle capacity and hotels
closed the hotel owner with the key in hand and a
closed room waiting for us to reach non-reciprocity since it has already increased the
confirmation of can pass of airline tickets is from other countries to here is
true because for sure the other bottleneck was detected yesterday is the price
of air tickets this is absurd today you are a
passage in reef for example brasília
you pay at least around 1,200 reais 1 leg a large form element
we need why can we have from brasilia want to do a training in brazil
capitalized and take it to reef 1,200 a cheap one is to have new penalty day
Brazilian fadda will have two and a half thousand reais each for manaus to
go back to porto alegre do not know where he is not going to do tourism on the river
that way you will not do tourism you can see the weight and cms of that of those between
the são paulo actions are the smallest here in brazil o rio de janeiro that the favela is
one thing now because it ends up encouraging that more homeland flights a year
cheaper fuel and leaves americana all over brazil
I found out before yesterday's 7 May treadmill that I was in
negotiation of formula 1 for rio de janeiro
I learned that the São Paulo government the mayor dollar already had participation
none of that and I don’t want to cause the fight and rain was none
now there the decision the initiative to go there
as far as i know are from the organizers themselves who would leave brazil
he more using his word of view we have winning the election was not
that other who came in second place and decided to keep in Brazil and solve
it in an instruction field of the army camp of camboatá where the
1st battalion of special forces there in rio de janeiro
they will build once everything is agreed to avoid walking in that direction in
few months will build this formula 1 track
so that as it is next year we will have formula 1 in brazil is that
the people from são paulo all respect is now i'm going to são paulo has a fight
no drops coming back who knows afterwards will pass can praise
the land for manaus wherever this is all over brazil what can not is the
formula 1 i left brazil quickly go back to our dear one here jorge
cenci ne cause of the flood of sludge in the bottom ground zero one minute meeting in
brussels the opening of europe for our fish had people there we left
new york that we had a confirmation through the air of the ambassador's work
marcos galvão his team there in brussels they got a meeting there for us
since general health management was what prevented brazil from
export fish to europe to give you an idea whole families
lobster tuna is a crab fisherman's many chains producers
productive worked frog fish work specifically for the market
European and overnight we lost to surround him
let's speak english is doctor watson who was very hard of course saying look
of 2012 I had already said that I was going to close the Brazilian market because you
do not respond to our correspondence do not respond to the reports that I
I said look I'm representing a new government in the government already moved
I'm here giving a face he had an effort shift against us
due to the leniency of the old governments but I already said look I'm here he went to
first time I met someone from the Brazilian party I said then
thanked for the opportunity we are here asking you to reevaluate the plan
of Brazilian action and that we will do the whole with all the hits required
by the European community he asked until the end of May to analyze our new
action plan that we sent in March and with faith in god we have a lot
and with the work that we are developing up to the wind
neco offended we have already responded we will only have a new commission there evaluating the
yesterday the promoter went to Brazil to put a little bit of patience that
has good news yesterday offering in which opened the
congress a message is placing Brazil in the category of great ally and
If NATO or the negotiation starts with Fernando's defense, our life there is Fernando
it was at the exit but then it was then everything is forwarding so that we really
we see understanding the rise in the condition of great ally is also thank you very much
pressing a treaty this on our last trip there quickly 30 seconds
it’s just that the insurance company is there but said nothing with pleasure
a date and a defense that is going to come out in self defense you call us
change message saying look I want to leave alone safe-closed without depending
only from the colonies so we talked to the inss at
arrest the president of the inss doctor renato and from monday the 13th
people will be able to call the tgv 135 to the phone and make their own
registrations already many people are registering remember the staff
we want a problem in accusing anyone of ideological falsehood you are not a sin
or to abandon the activity to do something else in your life
calls 135 from Monday differentiates himself not to be accused of
ideological falsehood to have no problem with justice
we will solve and we will fix our brazil 2 the streets joseph on tuesday
night we will leave for texas dalasta no more
new york that the mayor since it is not our presence no problem stay
I respect you, your interest is not it, I don't know who is winning
with that but his respect and interest would be in the test then in dallas in
wednesday and thursday created by ex-president bush also
with Senator Ted Cruz among other authorities and Brazilian businessmen
to make that window that we would do in new york to receive then that
that award on the part of that brazil-united states trade
ending in serrano started in the decree of 10 on the quays actually loved that kaka
who is a collector and sniper and hunter shutting down the couple is lost and not
there is a relationship of hunting in Brazil the only house released
with the exception of brazil grandson is worth nothing more than that nobody will release that
I know it's the case of the law field there is no danger hunting and capillary the class animal
urban power
I didn’t say anything about the house and the tattoo that was in a field there with all
sure house some from time to time he case is not released
so among other things deciding the decree here the country man
possession of a firearm that she does inside her residence throughout the
farm territory to descend 215 thousand hectares he will be able to walk with the gun
on the waist and if the person had possession of a firearm only is the possession had
entitled to 50 cartridges per year will be entitled to a thousand now 20 times more is that
the monopoly ends logically does not apply to a rifle but it will be able to buy the
weaponry in the form of powder in the next live and go into detail the Cade is this is a
important thing is also the possession of a firearm
goes for all weapons imagine you have a beetle at home take your wallet from
then you buy a simca chambord
took it from the bottom of the chest in islet santa catarina county now called time
out here while the blue model you don’t look it looks the same clear
real wallet for possession possession of all your weapons
i think it is a good size i think it finds in the promise of
campaign we are within the limits of the law in force and do not reflect the matter here
has certain and that god takes me out of my respect that if I go to say that the
lies that tell us we take part of this thing I'm talking about here
black with truth nowadays any accusation against comes
since everything is filmed and recorded in brazil it requires a detail for two weeks
with your name I wanted to talk nonsense it would be nonsense again
that active word nor the newspapers say anything about who got the stronghold
started talking nonsense and crusoe is crusoé collaborating you talk nonsense that
I would have a way, the green has won over no public, nothing ever imagined with 15
journalists talking nonsense like the one that the noblat published I would have
I was massacred then it’s over, I’m not going to dabó
also indicating an increase in barbarity is a child thing
I didn't go beyond the limit of the law It's not just campaign commitments like me
it was possible if reached we are fulfilled the campaign commitments the
that the cohesion of the cacti took a little bit aids said because it is not easy
you in a decree-law and achieving is doing justice has some rules and in a way
very fast without delay a little more consultations from one consultation is ours
oo jorge francisco de oliveira and jorge oliveira the question of sharing the
legal position is going to be the defense is going to need justice obtained the pain
people of the people and within the limits of the law we regulate day by day
what we can not only with respect to the stars as well as the portable can the
something else right I wish I had the power to do so
who would have asked says that the postage extends to December and categories do not
nowadays you have a firearm that had to prove the effective
need that we vote the state that has a number equal to or greater than three
deaths by dengue day trial by fire for being reissued is considered here the
manned us ez is guaranteed its effective need for proven
according to the statistical yearbook 2016 total of brazil was above 10 knots
for being military now to carry a firearm you have
that proving the effectiveness in this is also another issue is not only the ten deaths
per 100 thousand inhabitants so that other proofs we do not vote
categories there we may even have been speaking maybe even missing other categories total
trucker way he is right is a lawyer journalist criminalist note
having to play this event just you and me not only of yours helps me who else is
who else is ether is the temporary personal staff who are two to three forces and
a number of other other categories ar so this was there is is a
squirrel decree was the name of the law and from what I heard I saw no criticism from anyone
understand the moment there was criticism from the usual experts until that afternoon
leonardo sá powder that was almost done in rome as an alternate failed to injunction
in justice that they say now I want to show in practice that their
theses are the most costly advised to combat violence
in Brazil guys thank you so much for the opportunity
is hiding the pilot chocolate all commission didn’t need what
make chocolate now it's no use staying here okay confiscating 30% is not
thank you all you dear gilson dear john abraham
raising telephony owner whiskey 8 years is a future thank you very much to thursday
maybe it is more reduced because I was and the next Thursday
back does not come back a hug to all brazil is always everything
and gave a hug